Curate provisioning (#4152)
github/explore: topics/index.md

---
topic: provisioning
display_name: Provisioning

> short_description: the process of setting up IT infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: Tools to help with creating and configuring IT infrastructure.
```
